Florida wide receiver Riley Cooper has
been impressing Scouts on the football
field is also pretty good on the
baseball diamond as well and this goes
all the way back to his high school
years but now he's chosen to leave
baseball behind in hopes that his dream
of playing in the NFL will be fulfilled
and I'm sure it will very soon seems
like a smart decision given that Cooper
is projected to go off the board
somewhere in the third or fourth round
in the NFL Draft later this week and
joining us now to talk about that and
tell us what it was like to live with
Tim Tebow I'm sure you get questions on
this every day Riley Cooper who I'm just
gonna Tarzan and it's the first thing
that comes to mind the hairs working for
you so so definitely keep keep rocking
the hair two days away what emotions are
you feeling right now Riley I'm excited
and nervous you know at the same time I
really don't know what to expect I don't
know where I'm going you know I find out
where I'm going when everyone else does
so I kind of don't know what to expect
right now the big thing is how will you
watch the draft I'm still contemplating
I don't know whether I'm gonna watch it
yet or go fish in or playing basketball
but I mean this is a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity so I think I'm gonna I think
I'm gonna watch it and even if you don't
with modern technology you can follow
the draft wherever you are so you're not
going to be able to escape it now will
you be surrounded with family and
friends because some guys say look I
want to be secluded in a room by myself
until after my name is called how right
will you be with no I'm gonna have my
family immediate family there and then a
few of my you know really good friends
over at the house but no party though no
party you were actually drafted once
before you were taken in the o.9 amateur
Baseball Draft and you decided that the
football is your thing what was the
biggest thing that led you to football
over baseball well I was drafted out of
high school two hours draft out of high
school even drafted twice like this is
all that for you so well but football
dress is a little different yeah a
little different but you know I'm really
excited though for me and for the whole
operation
do you if you decided to go the baseball
route if you had decided to go that way
what kind of player would you be
whoo-hoo what is your game resemble in
baseball yeah
I don't know I'm real good in BP but as
soon as they start throwing curve balls
and different stuff and I start
struggling
Kidder then yeah I can put on a show but
those curveballs give me well we've had
you on before you have you talked about
rooming with Tim Tebow at Florida and
I'm sure you're asked about this
constantly be honest here because you do
have roommate separation anxiety after
college especially when you live with
someone for a long time how much you
gonna miss being Tim Tebow's roommate
I'm definitely gonna miss him you know
absolutely but I'm not gonna miss the
people banging on the door one that's in
Tebow autograph how bad does it get at
times I mean it's better I mean he's not
just a football player he's a he's a red
carpet celebrity yeah so uh it can get
bad at times like he can't really go out
you know to Walmart and get stuff that
he needs gotta send to people and you
know it's tough I'm you know I'm proud
of what is Tim's favorite late-night
snack when he decides he's hungry it
made me real cereal he eats more cereal
than any human being I've ever met with
milk or drive yeah with note and leaves
it all over the place
that doesn't clean it up what is his
what is his worst habit as a roommate
just leaving cereal bowls all over the
Bell then he is close to perfect that's
his only bad habit then that's it he's
good now what would he say about what
kind of roommate you are I'm perfect
don't leave cereal around it all do you
neat freak what's your favorite midnight
snack I'm probably guilty with cereal
too yeah definitely you know we go
through some gallons of milk over at the
house I was fascinated to learn that
your dad is good friends with Sam
Bradford's dad yeah they actually
attended high school together how well
did you know Sam growing up we went on
we went on a few trips together you know
when we were real young but you know
throughout high school and in college I
never really talked to him and then the
first time I saw him was at the combine
and you know we kind of you know we kind
of kicked it off there because we knew
each other in our dads knew each other
so uh you know I knew him fairly well
I'm sure you and probably your dad and
even Sam and his father have thought
about the possibility that he could be
throwing passes to you at the next level
how weird would that be
awesome that'd be that'd be that'd be a
that'd be a privilege for sure yeah all
right now when I first met when I first
walked in and saw you I called you
Tarzan and I said the only reason I'm
kidding is because I'm jealous I can't
have that anymore
we actually have a picture here you are
now this is the young Riley Cooper there
on the left without the hair and there
you are with the with the the locks on
the right which which look are you going
to carry through your NFL career
how will you stay with the hair I think
I'm definitely gonna stay with the hair
my dad does not like it at all likes the
military crew cut or shot dad's always
do yeah but you know only reason that
you know that pictures up there is Mike
well my coach made me cut my hair yeah
coach Oh solving the baseball coach
right he made me cut at last last season
right but I've never been there for the
actual retakes the photo retakes because
I've been doing right so that's why I
still got yeah the photo like that up
there so it's all programs and
everything still I imagine your NFL
headshot will have the long hair it's
it's it's unfolding very rapidly Riley
good luck to you during the next couple
of days that no it's a tense time also
an exciting time soak it up and enjoy it
and come back and talk to us after
you've started your NFL career
absolutely thank Riley Cooper of the
University formerly of the University of
Florida